no no blog so I mean it's it's up to you
guys if this is either gonna be a gaming
channel or vlogging channel I'm looking
more to the vlogging side I might do
like it could be both but I'm looking
more to the vlogging side so yeah okay
I got a freakin Xbox one like I just got
a frickin Xbox one a brand new fricking
controller like it's brand new like yo
it's or like really straight up a really
brand new legs so yeah we um the Xbox I
don't know why but the Xbox didn't Xbox
ones did not come with a controller in
the box so that's that's kind of weird
but we bought an controller since we
were already wasting money so just good
we just got a controller so we got this
big boy I downloaded warframe I'm I'm
not sponsored so don't think like oh
you're sponsored by warframe oh yeah
okay I'm not sponsored by warframe out
of frickin all but we're gonna set this
crap up so yeah okay so I have to give
give it to them cuz this is freaking
heavy as Britain oh gosh you know you
can't oh my god thank the Lord Jesus
that I freakin America yeah how the
do you do this what you want
what is this type of evilness
oh my god so I'm plugging in the
PlayStation that's this is my freaking
TV sex a beautiful TV right there um but
this is a problem I can't see where the
frickin outlet is like oh I like even
with the light on I can see it so I'm
getting I'm I'm retractor
oh wait I feel it okay I feel I feel I
feel it okay okay so I'm gonna go turn
off the light
okay wait guys don't worry okay I'm back
yeah mom yeah sure okay yeah sure okay
serve up there my mom what's been wrong
watch me run everything yeah sure but
I'm setting up my Xbox one as I was
saying oh I'm freaking boys break it for
savages we're back y'all okay you big
bunch of this freakin leg back on in
let's turn this freaking wait really
it's like my gaming Lisa I think gaming
light so yeah I'm not being sponsored by
Microsoft Xbox one whatever I'm not
being sponsored just to let you know I'm
not being sponsored by frickin anything
if I was I'd actually be really good
thank you
hey my truck hit me up yeah like I'm not
being sponsored at all that's all okay
I'll be down there in a second
my mom is weird she needs to wake I'm
looking at you
hi YouTube video and hopefully it's good
this thing is gonna upload everything
that I had like computer stuff
everything that's in the Xbox one
Oh bleep words this is actually a brand
new Xbox one look look look how sexy
this is all this mutters rubber
oh yeah let's see I mean I've played it
before
I've played but I'm downloading some
stuff so yeah it's a download it right
now
okay we're putting it in I'm gonna file
this video like new Xbox one okay
you know it's turning on it's turning on
yeah that's that's good part so good oh
yeah well it's hard
oh my god yo my my TV was shaking oh
okay oh no what's going on so I'm gonna
connect my controller already read like
the manual so yeah okay you got a fresh
fish I pressed it okay downstairs over
quicker mom's gonna be on so I connected
it already
oh yeah we got the Maddon got the mat in
addition so Maddon is automatically on
in which we should knit bush okay I'm
like industry industry and this is it
subscribe go to the bathroom frickin
good like subscribe down below and um
you know boys welcome to annul hang
voice I'm gonna be releasing that new
song
- then it's um the new songs called no
again
I'm gonna be releasing it either yeah
it's gonna I'm gonna release it in
February guys so stay tuned
cuz being the Nelligan boys what's
poppin oh but thank you guys
I'm playin gamer notes piece like peas
bye guys